Throughout my entire life, I have never been the most decisive person when it comes to the things 
I want to do and accomplish. That sense of drive and desire for success in one specific field has 
never really existed. I’ve changed my mind so many times on what I want to do with my life. Then 
circled back to something I wanted to do when I was five. And then would come up with something 
entirely out of left field that I wasn't even fully sure why I was considering it. Like Pausch, 
at one point the main bullet point on my list was to work for Disney, just as an animator
instead of an imagineer. Was this something I grew up wanting to do? No, but it appeared with in my 
life when I was a freshman in high school. Sure I had always loved animated movies but I didn't 
understand the first thing about what it would take to become an animator and I wouldn't say I 
possess a high enough artistic ability for it. Did it last past my freshman year? That’s 
also a no and I just moved onto whatever the next thing was. The first time I went to university, 
it was for psychology because I took an AP class my senior year and thought it would be a safe path 
to go down. Then it switched to English which I have always been intensely passionate about, but I 
was consistently told there wouldn’t ever be a steady or well paying career unless I wanted to 
become an English teacher which I did know for a fact I never wanted to do. With English, it was
myself and the environment closely around me creating those brick walls that I never 
got myself past. I think a chunk of this mentality comes from when I was first applying to 
universities. My mom worked at Gonzaga so I was able to get a tuition waiver at a select amount of 
schools. While that is an amazing offer, it didn’t ever give me the opportunity to look at any 
school. There was one specific school I really wanted to go to on the list, Seattle University. I 
was accepted and was so incredibly happy to be able to go learn in a city that I loved. Then I 
received the news that I didn’t get the tuition waiver so I wasn’t allowed to study there. I so 
badly wanted to go there but I was stopped by brick walls that I was never given the chance to push 
through. When I realize and can see how easy it is to get stopped by those brick walls, it makes it 
incredibly hard to see past them no matter how badly you may want what’s on the other side. 
